minor grammar tweak (#615)
hadley/r-pkgs: git.Rmd

If you want to ignore multiple files, you can use a wildcard "glob" like `*.png`. To learn more about the options, see [ignoring files](http://git-scm.com/book/ch2-2.html#Ignoring-Files) in Pro-Git.

> Some developers never commit derived files, files that can be generated automatically. For an R package this would mean ignoring the files `NAMESPACE` and anything in the `man/` directory because they're generated from comments. From a practical pespective, it's better to commit these files: R packages have no way to generate `.Rd` files on installation so ignoring derived files means that users who install your package from GitHub will have no documentation.

Reviewer: Maybe this?

```suggestion
Some developers never commit derived files, files that can be generated automatically. For an R package this would mean ignoring the `NAMESPACE` file and anything in the `man/` directory because they're generated from comments. From a practical perspective, it's better to commit these files: R packages have no way to generate `.Rd` files on installation so ignoring derived files means that users who install your package from GitHub will have no documentation.
```

Author: Works for me, thanks
